fix(tuto): update tutorial duplicity (#4890)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/backup-dedicated-server-s3-duplicity/index.mdx

        mkdir -p /var/log/duplicity
        touch /var/log/duplicity/logfile{.log,-recent.log}
    ```

> 2. Create a config file `~/.scw-backup.env`. Make sure you replace the necessary values with the details of your Scaleway API key, Object Storage bucket, and GPG key. You also need to enter a path to the desired backup folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a config file `~/.scw-backup.env`. Make sure you replace the necessary values with the details of your Scaleway API key, Object Storage bucket, and GPG key. You also need to enter a path to the folder you want to back up:
```
